README.md, before:

# 🌌 TIM'S GRAVITY-DEFYING NEXUS 🌌

Welcome to **Nexus**, a high-security, end-to-end encrypted chat gateway designed for absolute privacy and cross-platform communication. Created and hosted by **Timothy Wambua (Tim)**.

---

## 🚀 Quick Connect (Client Mode)
To join the global Nexus network, you only need to run the `client.py` script. The server is already hosted and running 24/7.

- **Server IP/Hostname:** `nexus-main.fly.dev`
- **Server Port:** `5555`
- **Required Credential:** You only need the shared **Encryption Key (Password)** to read and send messages.

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Requirements
Nexus runs on any machine with Python 3.

### 1. Install Dependencies
Run the following command in your terminal/command prompt:
```bash
pip install rich cryptography
```

### 2. How to Run (Client)
```bash
python3 client.py
```
*When prompted, enter the Server IP and Port listed above, then choose your username and enter the secret encryption key.*

---

## 💻 Cross-Platform Compatibility
Nexus is optimized for flawless performance across all major operating systems:

- **Kali Linux / Ubuntu:** Enjoy the "Green Hacker" Matrix theme natively in your terminal.
- **Windows:** Best experienced using **Windows Terminal** (supports full colors and symbols).
- **macOS:** Perfect rendering in the default Terminal or iTerm2.

---

## ✨ Key Advantages
- **End-to-End Encryption:** Messages are encrypted locally *before* they even hit the internet. Not even the server can read your chats.
- **Matrix-Style UI:** Beautiful terminal interface with live status updates and ASCII banners.
- **Zero-Friction Hosting:** No need for ngrok or local hosting anymore; the server is live globally on Fly.io.
- **Multi-Channel Support:** Use the `/join <channel>` command to create private sub-rooms.

---

## 📜 Commands
While connected, you can use:
- `/join <channelname>` - Switch to a specific encrypted room.
- `/list` - List all active channels.
- `/exit` - Safely disconnect from the Nexus.

---

## 🏆 Credits
**Project Architect & Host:** Timothy Wambua (Tim)  
**Vision:** A secure, gravity-defying communication layer for the modern age.

---
*Stay secure. Stay invisible.*

Commit message:

Final Ironclad Update: SSL Tunneling, Port 443 Support, and Enhanced Client UI

README.md, after:

# 🌌 TIM'S GRAVITY-DEFYING NEXUS 🌌

Welcome to **Nexus**, a professional-grade, end-to-end encrypted chat gateway designed for absolute privacy and global accessibility. Built, hosted, and maintained by **Timothy Wambua (Tim)**.

---

## 🚀 The Master Connection (Client v3.0)
The Nexus now uses **SSL Tunneling** to ensure your messages bypass all internet service provider (ISP) filters and firewalls.

- **Server Hostname:** `nexus-main.fly.dev`
- **Secure Port:** `443` (Standard SSL)
- **Required Credential:** You only need the shared **Encryption Password** to unlock communication.

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Requirements
Nexus is a Python-based platform that depends on two main libraries for its "Harvester" aesthetic and cryptographic security.

### 1. Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install rich cryptography
```

### 2. How to Run
```bash
python3 client.py
```
*When prompted, simply press **Enter** to accept the default Hostname and Port.*

---

## 💻 New Architecture: SSL Tunneling
The latest version of Nexus features a "Master Solution" for connectivity issues:
- **Port 443 Integration**: Messages are wrapped in a Secure Socket Layer (SSL), making your chat traffic look like standard, safe web browsing.
- **Dedicated Security**: By using SSL, the system bypasses aggressive cloud proxies and ISP "Broken Pipe" errors.
- **Headless Cloud Stability**: The server detects when it's running in the cloud (Fly.io) and optimizes its performance for 24/7 uptime.

---

## ✨ Key Advantages
- **Double Encryption**: Your messages are first encrypted with your secret key, then wrapped again in an SSL tunnel.
- **Zero-Footprint Server**: The server has NO database. Your messages exist in RAM for only a millisecond before being delivered and destroyed.
- **Hacker Aesthetic**: A fully optimized terminal UI with the "TIM NEXUS" ASCII banner and green Matrix theme.
- **Global Availability**: No tunneling software (ngrok) is required. It works anywhere in the world.

---

## 📜 Commands
- `/join <name>` - Join or create a private encrypted room.
- `/list` - View all active channels.
- `/exit` - Disconnect securely.

---

## 🏆 Credits
**Project Architect & Host:** Timothy Wambua (Tim)  
**Vision:** Secure, unblockable communication for the digital underground.

---
*Your packets are your business. Stay secure. Stay invisible.*
